ABSTRACT
Credit card fraud is increasing considerably with the development of modern technology and the global superhighways of communication.
Credit card fraud costs consumers and the financial company billions of dollars annually, and fraudsters continuously try to find new 
rules and tactics to commit illegal actions. Thus, fraud detection systems have become essential for banks and financial institution, 
to minimize their losses.However, there is a lack of published literature on credit card fraud detection techniques, due to the unavailable 
credit card transactions dataset for researchers. The most commonly techniques used fraud detection methods are Naïve Bayes (NB), Support 
Vector Machines (SVM), K-Nearest Neighbor algorithms (KNN). These techniques can be used alone or in collaboration using ensemble or meta-learning 
techniques to build classifiers. But amongst all existing method, ensemble learning methods are identified as popular and common method, not
because of its quite straightforward implementation, but also due to its exceptional predictive performance on practical problems. In this 
paper we trained various data mining techniques used in credit card fraud detection and evaluate each methodology based on certain design 
criteria. After several trial and comparisons; we introduced the bagging classifier based on decision three, as the best classifier to 
construct the fraud detection model. The performance evaluation is performed on real life credit card transactions dataset to demonstrate
the benefit of the bagging ensemble algorithm.

Paper1:https://www.researchgate.net/publication/336800562_Credit_Card_Fraud_Detection_using_Machine_Learning_and_Data_Science

This methodology uses the latest methodology outliers methodology to find the fraud detection.

Paper2:ijaerv13n24_18.pdf

The proposed techniques are used in this paper, for detecting the frauds in credit card system. The comparison are made for different 
machine learning algorithms such as Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forest, to determine which algorithm gives suits best
and can be adapted by credit card merchants for identifying fraud transactions

Paper3:9121114

The algorithms used are random forest algorithm and the Adaboost algorithm. The results of the two algorithms are based on accuracy,
precision, recall, and F1-score. The ROC curve is plotted based on the confusion matrix. The Random Forest and the Adaboost algorithms
are compared and the algorithm that has the greatest accuracy, precision, recall, and F1-score is considered as the best algorithm that
is used to detect the fraud.

Our Problem statement:the problem statement we are focusing on is to use three different machine learning algorithms to detect credit 
card frauds and compare the accuracy among them .the algorithms we are focusing on are:1)k-means 2)logistic regression 3)neural networks
Based on the initial exploratory analysis on the dataset we found out that there are no missing values present in the dataset whereas 
the dataset is found to be highly unbalanced.We tried to find out the correlation between the columns but we found there is no notable
correlation between features V1-V28. There are certain correlations between some of these features and Time (inverse correlation with
V3) and Amount (direct correlation with V7 and V20, inverse correlation with V1 and V5).

Paper4: Credit Card Fraud Detection using Deep Learning based on Auto-Encoder and Restricted Boltzmann Machine

In this paper it highlights the fact that Fraud investigators, banking systems, and electronic payment systems such as PayPal and other online transaction gateways have an efficient and complex fraud detection system to prevent fraud activities that change dynamically and rapidly.

Using this information, the lesson is to determine stand out patterns of fraud behavior that have undergone significant changes relative to the past. It goes on to highlight the types of Fraud detection anomaly detection and misuse detection. While anomaly detection systems bring normal transaction to be trained and use techniques to determine novel frauds, a misuse fraud detection system uses the labeled transaction as normal or fraud transaction to be trained in the database history

Paper5: Cyber Risk for the Financial Sector: A Framework for Quantitative Assessment

This main goal of this paper was to identify the top grossing issues faced by the financial sector. This paper showcases a novel documentation of cyber risk around the world for financial institutions by analyzing the different types of cyber incidents (data breaches, fraud and business disruption) and identifying patterns using a assortment of datasets. 
Interesting points regarding data on cyber incidents being scarce and only few quantitative analyses of cyber risk being made is emphasized. Further the Author goes on to talk about how the data on cyber risk is notoriously scarce and since there is no common standard to record them firms are having very little incentive and resources to report them.

This paper provides a framework for assessing cyber risk for financial institutions complemented by a qualitative and quantitative overview giving us a glimpse of how vast the problem is and a scalable measure to evaluate the company’s security with regard to these cyber risks.

